Katie Couric as you as you may know I
turned 50 this year I'll hold for your
applause and before my birthday Katie
asked me if she could accompany me for
my first colonoscopy you know you have
to have that when you turn 50 and it
seemed to be an unusual request but I
know this is something Katie is
passionate about and it's an important
thing to do so with that said it's about
you're about to watch a camera go where
no camera has ever gone before go back
here why are you doing this to me
because you're 50 now Jimmy you're a big
boy and you need to get a colonoscopy
is that what big boys get that's true
they do can I get you a drink
yeah sure oh is that wait hold on there
you go it looks like water but I'm
guessing it isn't no and you're gonna do
two of these tonight two of them yeah oh
my goodness one for you uh-huh
we do two right now one for me too no
you're gonna do one now uh-huh this is
what I call a tall oh my gosh Cheers
and you don't have to chug it either
[Music]
Cheers impressive how was it
vile that's all there is how long does
it take to work a way that's working
right and early it's by 30 time to pick
up Jimmy are you doing
okay good morning thanks for picking me
up
well you're gonna get this done and
you're gonna feel relieved and you won't
have to do it for probably another five
or ten years so all right it'll be like
the Olympics I'll put the gown on and
then we'll do this we'll do this thing
okay Jimmy you ready yeah I need help
colon cancer is the second-leading
cancer killer for men and women combined
in this country so that's why it is so
important to get screened and Jimmy's
pretty psyched tell ya I've met some
real perverts in my life but you take
the cake it's a very unusual sexual
thing it's not sanction oh it's not so
know what Cyril what am I doing here so
we're gonna take a careful look in your
colon today and the goal is to identify
polyps so if we see any polyps we'll
remove them and then I can have it
whatever is in there has to be like an
Ikea why are these screws left over oh
well what we'll do is we'll take plenty
of pictures why do you think more people
aren't getting screened doctor huh
because they go up your ass
what I'll say is when I do Clara nos
Capiz for screening or for other
indications most people afterwards say
is that it you're done and they ask for
more makes it work people say this isn't
fun but I say it's a lot more fun than
being diagnosed with colorectal cancer
believe me and so true you should put
that on a bumper sticker
I showed they had a 20% increase when I
did this on the Today Show 18 years ago
and many more people got screened they
called it the Couric effect and now
we're gonna have the Kimmel effect
associated with a polyp and/or the human
colon would you mind
I just took quick thing is that I hope
this is this is okay but just just to
make sure everything's good
would you mind removing the butterfly on
my stomach are you worried about dr.
Haas steady man oh you just met so I
figured what the heck well considering
I'm four espressos in yeah well know
very well what else would you like it
sounds like you want to keep everything
was good I feel comfortable his nose
didn't light up well here's your butter
thank you very much
enjoy y'all have a great time with it
okay here we go Jimmy
woohoo by the way ladies I put a itunes
gift card up there whoever finds it it's
yours
we meet up there go get him tiger good
luck
[Music]
[Applause]
hold on how's this sleep thank you a
colonoscopy thank you to work how are
you feeling
I am not getting all of the channels the
only station is that we did find a few
interesting things we wanted to show you
we found your keys some soldiers you've
been looking for those haven't you and
best of all look oh my gosh has it been
sterilized thank you very much that's
nice is that like all this is you
actually you know beautiful and clean of
this no exactly and that's what really
made the colonoscopy quite easy to do
and it's actually one of the most
important quality indicators first
effective colonoscopy is from your end
that you do a very good job with the
bowel prep but you found no polyps at
all no polyps and this is what a healthy
colon should look like so well smile so
Mazel thank you guys thank you Katie for
invading my colon your personal space
yes very nice so how do people sign up
to get a colonoscopy the brown pages
they talk to their doctor and tell them
when they turn 50 or 45 if you're
african-american they need a baseline
screening most insurance plans cover it
so you should take advantage of it
thank you very much good job Jimmy hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you liked it